README.md, before:

# Project Name

A & R Restaurant Website

This is a webapp that features an all beef cuisine. All meals are loaded from an external API where they are stored. The likes, and comments are also managed by external API's. 

# Screenshots
![screenshot](./a&r.jpeg)

## Built With

- HTML
- JavaScript
- CSS3
- Bootstrap
- Webpack
- Jest

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps. You can either download the zip file, or clone the repository from [here](https://github.com/the-catalystmc/api-webapp). Once the repository is available locally you can use: `npm install` to install the packages `npm start` to run the server on local server.
To run tests `npm test` can be used.

👤 **Andres Felipe Castañeda Ramos**
- Github: [@afcastaneda223](https://github.com/afcastaneda223)
- Twitter: [@afcastaneda](https://twitter.com/afcastaneda)
- Linkedin: [Andres Felipe Castañeda](www.linkedin.com/in/andres-castaneda223)

👤 **Rhyine Stewart**

- GitHub: [@the-catalyst-mc](https://github.com/the-catalyst-mc)
- Twitter: [@catalystspeaks](https://twitter.com/catalystspeaks)
- LinkedIn: [Rhyine Stewart](https://linkedin.com/in/rhyinestewart)


## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/the-catalystmc/api-webapp/issues).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

Commit message:

Add live demo and tool badges

README.md, after:

# Project Name

A & R Restaurant Website

This is a webapp that features an all beef cuisine. All meals are loaded from an external API where they are stored. The likes, and comments are also managed by external API's. 

# Screenshots
![screenshot](./a&r.jpeg)

## Built With
- ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
- ![CSSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
- ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)
- ![Webpack](https://img.shields.io/badge/webpack-%238DD6F9.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=webpack&logoColor=black)
- ![BOOTSTRAP](https://img.shields.io/badge/Bootstrap-563D7C?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white)

## Live Demo
You can see my page live here: 
[Check it out!](https://the-catalystmc.github.io/api-webapp/)

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps. You can either download the zip file, or clone the repository from [here](https://github.com/the-catalystmc/api-webapp). Once the repository is available locally you can use: `npm install` to install the packages `npm start` to run the server on local server.
To run tests `npm test` can be used.

👤 **Andres Felipe Castañeda Ramos**
- Github: [@afcastaneda223](https://github.com/afcastaneda223)
- Twitter: [@afcastaneda](https://twitter.com/afcastaneda)
- Linkedin: [Andres Felipe Castañeda](www.linkedin.com/in/andres-castaneda223)

👤 **Rhyine Stewart**

- GitHub: [@the-catalyst-mc](https://github.com/the-catalyst-mc)
- Twitter: [@catalystspeaks](https://twitter.com/catalystspeaks)
- LinkedIn: [Rhyine Stewart](https://linkedin.com/in/rhyinestewart)


## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/the-catalystmc/api-webapp/issues).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!
